Q-1 Why do we start learning a programming language with "Hello, World!"?
Ans- Here are the reasons why we start learning a programming language with "Hello World" :
      1) "Hello World" is a simple and basic program that allows beginners to get familiar with the basic syntax and structure of a programming language.
      2) It is easy to understand and doesn't require any complex logic or concepts, making it an excellent starting point for beginners.
      3) Writing a "Hello World" program allows beginners to quickly see the results of their code and become comfortable with the programming environment and tools.
      4) "Hello World" programs are often used as a benchmark to test the basic functionality of a programming language, compiler, or development environment.
      5) Learning "Hello World" is a great first step towards mastering a programming language and building more complex programs.
      
Q-2 How is the use of comments and how do you write comments in HTML?
Ans-The use of comments in HTML are as follows : 
      1) Comments are some text or code written in your code to give an explanation about the code, and not visible to the user. 
      2) Comments which are used for HTML file are known as HTML comments. 
      3) Anything written between these tags will be ignored by the browser, so comments will not be visible on the webpage.
      4) Comments of any code make code easy to understand and increase readability of code.
      5) Comments are also part of the code, which gives an explanation of the code.
      
      In HTML, comments are written using the following syntax:

          <!-- Comment goes here -->
          The comment starts with the <!-- symbol and ends with the --> symbol. Anything in between is considered a comment and is ignored by the browser.

      Here's an example of a comment in HTML:

          <!-- This is a comment. It will not be displayed in the browser. -->
          Comments can also be used to temporarily disable code during testing, like this:

          <!--
                <p>This is some text that is temporarily disabled.</p>
           -->
      By wrapping the code with <!-- and -->, it will be treated as a comment and will not be displayed in the browser.
      
Q-3 What are elements, tags, and attributes, and the difference between them.
Ans- In HTML, elements, tags, and attributes are used to define the structure and content of a webpage. Here's a explanation of each concept and the differences 
     between them:
        Element: An element is a fundamental unit of an HTML document. It represents a structural component that contains or describes content.
        Tag: A tag is used to define an element in an HTML document. There are two types of tags: opening tags and closing tags. An opening tag is used to indicate 
             the start of an element, and a closing tag is used to indicate the end of an element.
        Attribute: An attribute is a modifier of an HTML that provides additional information about the element. Attributes are always specified in the opening tag 
                   of an element. They are used to modify the behavior or appearance of an element.
     Differences:
         1) Elements are the building blocks of a webpage, while tags define the elements and their properties.
         2) Tags are used to enclose and define the content of an element, while attributes provide additional information about an element.
         3) Elements and tags are always required, but attributes are optional.
         4) Elements and tags are used to structure the content of a webpage, while attributes are used to modify the behavior or appearance of an element.
         5) Elements and tags are defined by their name, while attributes are defined by a name and a value.
         
Q-4 Briefly explain what HTML entities are.
Ans- Here are some key points to explain what HTML entities are :
       1) HTML entities are special codes that represent symbols or characters in HTML documents.
       2) Symbols or characters like "<" and ">" have special meanings in HTML, so they need to be represented with special codes to display them correctly.
       3) HTML entities are used to display reserved characters or symbols correctly without the browser interpreting them as HTML code.
       4) They are also used to display characters that are not part of the standard ASCII character set, like accented letters and mathematical symbols.
       5) Examples of HTML entities include "<" for "<", ">" for ">", "&" for "&", and "©" for the copyright symbol
